---
aliases:
- 01042025 Daily
created: 2025-04-01 06:22
tags:
- daily_note
---

# 📅 Tuesday, April 1, 2025

## ✝️ Verse of the Day
> Psalms 1032:2 AMP
> > [!quote] A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
> — Plato

> Reflect: Are you a thermometer, or a thermostat? - MLK
> 	- Book Recommendation: Imagine Freedom: Transforming Pain into Political and Spiritual Power by Rahiel Tesfamariam
> 	- 

---

## 🎯 Goal for Today
- Square away my dojo.

---

## ⚡ Urgent
- [x] Refactor script (process_text.py): This script needs to:
      1. Process a chapter of the book that I prompt the model with.
      2. From that chapter, the model will populate the following fields:
	      a. Title
	      b. Author
	      c. Chapter number and name (if applicable)
	      d. Pages
	      e. Date Read
	      f. Key Takeaway
	      g. Reflection / Action
	      h. Excerpt
	      i. Summary
	      j. Historical Context
	      k. Contemporary Connection
	      l. Scholarly Source (sources listed by the author)

---

## 🗓️ Appointments
- (10:00 AM - grocery shopping with Howard)

---

## ✅ To Do
- [x] grocery shopping
- [x] refactor bias_flag.py
- [x] Work on vault
- [ ] 

---

## 🍎 Meal Tracker
- **Breakfast:** oatmeal
- **Lunch:**
- **Dinner:** Ranch-style beans and tortilla chips
- **Snacks:**

---

## 📝 Notes
Today is off to a good start. 
- watsonx 04:08 AM - Introduction to Generative AI: Prompt Engineering
	- Prompts should be relevant to the task or topic at hand.
	- Prompts should be brief and to the point.
	- Zero-shot prompts: These prompts provide no examples or context, and rely on the model to generate content based on its training data.
	- Few-shot prompts: These prompts provide a few examples or context, and use the model to generate content based on these examples.
	- Chain-of-thought prompts: These prompts provide a series of steps or reasoning, and use the model to generate content based on this chain of thought.
- Testing and Iteration
	- Using relevant keywords: Use relevant keywords and phrases to help the model understand the context and topic.
	- Avoid using biased or leading language in prompts, as this can result in biased or undesirable outputs
- Tools and Techniques
	- Prompt templates: Pre-defined templates that can be used to generate prompts for specific tasks or topics.
	## Three Prompt Libraries
	- [PromptHub](https://www.prompthub.us/)
	- [Promptfoo](https://www.promptfoo.dev/)
	- [Priompt](https://github.com/anysphere/priompt)
- DIY AI Infrastructure
	- Tech Stack
	- Widnows 11
	- wsl (linux on windows)
	- Docker -OpenWeb UI
	- VPN Container (access via phone)
	- AI Models: 
	- Granite
	- Llama
	- 7 - 14 B
	- memory - 8 GB min
	- storage - 1 TB
	- SECURITY/PRIVACY
