---
aliases:
- 02042025 Daily
created: 2025-04-02 07:04
tags:
- daily_note
- courage
- job_search
---

# 📅 Wednesday, April 2, 2025

## ✝️ Verse of the Day
> 1 John 4:11 AMP
> > [!quote] What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
> — Plutarch

> Reflect: Do you follow the crowd, or do you lead with courage? I lead with courage. I don't intentionally go against the grain, but I most definitely do not desire to be in with the crowd, so to speak.

---

## 🎯 Goal for Today
- Square away my dojo.

---

## ⚡ Urgent
- [ ] Submit two job applications
- [ ] 

---

## 🗓️ Appointments
- 2:00 PM - Called and spoke with America (Jeff Newman's assistant). Unbelievably, there's a new court date scheduled for September. I forgot to ask her the date.

---

## ✅ To Do
- [ ] Submit two job applications
- [x] Ensure VS Code, Python, PowerShell are in alignment.

---

## 🍎 Meal Tracker
- **Breakfast:** Breakfast scramble. Two eggs scrambled, 1 potato, 2 slices of bacon, 1 slice rosemary shortbread, 1/4 cup of pepper jack cheese, 1 cup orange juice.
- **Lunch:** Chips, crumbled andouille (about a 1/4 cup),  and Pepper Jack cheese (1/4 cup). Tsp of sour cream, and about 6 or 7 
- **Dinner:** Creole Sausage and Chicken 1754 hrs.
- **Snacks:** Almonds, popcorn

---

## 📝 Notes
- Wicket appears to like antagonizing Spider. 0717 hrs.
- Day started off great. Let's get to work! 0724 hrs.
- The Chain-of-Thought (CoT) methodology significantly bolsters the cognitive performance of AI models by segmenting complex tasks into more manageable steps.
- AI models can demonstrate heightened cognitive abilities and offer a deeper understanding of their reasoning processes. 
- Literature: Elizabeth Hobbs Keckley set up a successful dressmaking business in Washington, D.C., in 1860 after having purchased her freedom from enslavement. (Behind the Scenes or, Thirty Years a Slave, and Four Years in the White House - Elizabeth Hobbs Keckley <published 1868>).
- Coding: Saved "Hashtable" and "code table" to coding_digitalscorpyun. 1600 hrs.

